CTOR-1147 : Refresh network-vectra-restapi (#3842)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-vectra-restapi.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Connector dependencies

The following monitoring connectors will be installed when you install the **Vectra Rest API** connector through the
**Configuration > Monitoring Connector Manager** menu:
* [Base Pack](./base-generic.md)

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Vectra Rest API** brings a host template:

* **Net-Vectra-Restapi-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Net-Vectra-Restapi-custom" label="Net-Vectra-Restapi-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                 | Service Description                                  |
|:--------------|:---------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------|

> | Cpu           | Net-Vectra-Cpu-Restapi-custom    | Check the rate of utilization of CPU for the machine |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cpu           | Net-Vectra-Cpu-Restapi-custom    | Check the rate of CPU utilization for the machine |
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Memory" label="Memory">

| Name                    | Unit  |
|:------------------------|:------|
| memory.usage.bytes      | B     |
| memory.free.bytes       | B     |
| memory.usage.percentage | %     |
| dimm-status             | N/A   |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Sensors" label="Sensors">

| Name                                                         | Unit  |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------|:------|
| sensor-status                                                | N/A   |
| trafficdrop-status                                           | N/A   |
| connectivity-status                                          | N/A   |
| interface-status                                             | N/A   |
| interface-status                                             | N/A   |
| *sensors*~*interfaces1*#interface.traffic.peak.bitspersecond | b/s   |
| *sensors*~*interfaces2*#interface.traffic.peak.bitspersecond | b/s   |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Uptime" label="Uptime">

| Name                  | Unit  |
|:----------------------|:------|
| system.uptime.seconds | s     |

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

> The Pack uses the following API endpoints which must be requestable by the Centreon poller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector uses the following API endpoints, which must be queriable by the Centreon poller:
```
